documentation for db.nameFromElementId (#717)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/functions/database.adoc

[[query-functions-database]]
= Database functions
:description: Database functions provide information about databases
:test-skip: true

[[functions-database-nameFromElementId]]
== db.nameFromElementId()

> Returns the name of the database which the element id belong to.

Reviewer: shouldn't it be "belongs"?

> It can only resolve the name of the database if the database is a standard database in the DBMS the query is executed against.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can only resolve the name of the database if it is a standard database in the DBMS the query is executed against.
```

.+db.nameFromElementId()+
======

.Query
[source, cypher, indent=0]
----
WITH "2:efc7577d-022a-107c-a736-dbcdfc189c03:0" AS eid
RETURN db.nameFromElementId(eid) AS name
----

Returns the name of the database which the element id belongs to.

.Result
[role="queryresult",options="header,footer",cols="1*<m"]
|===

| +name+
| "neo4j"
1+d|Rows: 1

> |===

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|===
======
```

Reviewer 2: Also, if this is a new section, it needs to be added to the content-nav.

[[query-functions-database]]
= Database functions
:description: Database functions provide information about databases
:test-skip: true

[[functions-database-nameFromElementId]]
== db.nameFromElementId()

> Returns the name of the database which the element id belongs to.
> It can only resolve the name of the database if it is a standard database in the DBMS the query is executed against.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Returns the name of a database to which the element id belongs.
The name of the database can only be returned if the provided element id belongs to a standard database in the DBMS.
```
